* [Return to table of contents](../../README.md)
# Route 53
## Introduction
- Amazon Route 53 is a comprehensive and fully-managed DNS web service
  provided by AWS; **_it is an authoritative DNS service, meaning that users have
  full control over updating and managing their DNS records_** (this includes
  configurations for A records, CNAME records, MX records, and more).
- A highly available, scalable, fully
  managed and Authoritative DNS 
  - Authoritative = the customer (we) can update the DNS records.
  - Route 53 is also a Domain Registrar.
  - Ability to **_check the health_** of your resources
  - The only AWS service which provides 100% availability SLA
  - it distributes DNS
    queries across multiple locations globally, ensuring low-latency responses
    and high availability

## Route 53 Services
- **_Domain name registration_**. We use Route 53 to register the domain name 
  for your website or application. After you choose a domain name and it is verified,
  the domain name is registered with Route 53. Route 53 DNS records can also be linked 
  to an existing domain. When a domain has been registered with Route 53,
  Route 53 becomes the DNS service for the domain and creates a hosted zone for the domain.
- **_DNS resolution_**.  Route 53 routes Internet traffic to the resources for our domain:
  - Public-facing resources. A [public hosted zone](#public-hosted-zone) is required for public-facing resources such as a company website.
  - Private-facing resources. [Private hosted zones](#private-hosted-zone) are created to route traffic within a VPC.

## Records
- Route 53 supports the following DNS record types:
  - (must know)A /AAAA / CNAME / NS
  - (advanced)CAA/DS/MX/NAPTR/PTR/SOA/TXT/SPF/SRV

- Each record contains:
  - Domain / subdomain Name – e.g., example.com
  - Record Type – e.g., A or AAAA
  - Value – e.g., 12.34.56.78
  - Routing Policy – how Route 53 responds to queries
  - TTL – amount of time the record is cached at DNS Resolvers

## Hosted zone
- A hosted zone is similar to a traditional [DNS zone file](006-DNS-Introduction.md#zone-file). It represents a container to collect DNS records 
  that can be managed together ,belonging to a single parent domain name. All the DNS record sets 
  within a hosted zone share the same parent domain name. It means that all the DNS records within a 
  hosted zone share the same parent domain name. It means that all the DNS records within a
  hosted zone must have the hosted zone's domain name as a suffix. 
- Each hosted zone has two records: 
  - A name server ([**NS**](006-DNS-Introduction.md#ns-record)) record 
  - The start of authority ([**SOA**](006-DNS-Introduction.md#soa-record)) record.
- We pay $0.50 per month per hosted zone.

### Public hosted zone



### Private hosted zone


## Routing policies
- When Route 53 receives a query, a routing policy determines the response.