A company collects data for temperature, humidity, and atmospheric pressure in cities across multiple continents. The average volume of data that the company collects from each site daily is 500 GB. Each site has a high-speed Internet connection. The company wants to aggregate the data from all these global sites as quickly as possible in a single Amazon S3 bucket. The solution must minimize operational complexity. Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Turn on S3 Transfer Acceleration on the destination S3 bucket. Use multipart uploads to directly upload site data to the destination S3 bucket. 
Explain: S3 Transfer Acceleration because:
- ideally works with objects for long-distance transfer (uses Edge Locations) 
- can speed up content transfers to and from S3 as much as 50-500% 
- use cases: mobile & web application uploads and downloads, distributed office transfers, data exchange with trusted partners. Generally for sharing of large data sets between companies, customers can set up special access to their S3 buckets with accelerated uploads to speed data exchanges and the pace of innovation.

B. Upload the data from each site to an S3 bucket in the closest Region. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication to copy objects to the destination S3 bucket. Then remove the data from the origin S3 bucket. 
Explain: about disaster recovery

C. Schedule AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device jobs daily to transfer data from each site to the closest Region. Use S3 Cross- Region Replication to copy objects to the destination S3 bucket. 
Explain: about transferring data between your local environment and the AWS Cloud

D. Upload the data from each site to an Amazon EC2 instance in the closest Region. Store the data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. At regular intervals, take an EBS snapshot and copy it to the Region that contains the destination S3 bucket. Restore the EBS volume in that Region.
Explain: about disaster recovery
\
\
\
\
\
The correct answer is:\
\
**