A company uses AWS Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts for different departments. The management account has an Amazon S3 bucket that contains project reports. The company wants to limit access to this S3 bucket to only users of accounts within the organization in AWS Organizations. Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead? 

A. Add the aws PrincipalOrgID global condition key with a reference to the organization ID to the S3 bucket policy. 
Explain: We just add PrincipalOrgID global condition key with a reference to the organization ID to the S3 bucket policy

B. Create an organizational unit (OU) for each department. Add the aws:PrincipalOrgPaths global condition key to the S3 bucket policy. 
Explain: We can limit access by this way but this will take more amount of operational overhead

C. Use AWS CloudTrail to monitor the CreateAccount, InviteAccountToOrganization, LeaveOrganization, and RemoveAccountFromOrganization events. Update the S3 bucket policy accordingly. 
Explain: AWS CloudTrail only log API events, we can not prevent user access to S3 bucket. For update S3 bucket policy to make it work you should manually add each account -> this way will not be cover in case of new user is added to Organization.

D. Tag each user that needs access to the S3 bucket. Add the aws:PrincipalTag global condition key to the S3 bucket policy.
Explain: We can limit access by this way but this will take most amount of operational overhead
\
\
\
\
\
The correct answer is:\
\
**