A company uses NFS to store large video files in on-premises network attached storage. Each video file ranges in size from 1 MB to 500 GB. The total storage is 70 TB and is no longer growing. The company decides to migrate the video files to Amazon S3. The company must migrate the video files as soon as possible while using the least possible network bandwidth. Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create an S3 bucket. Create an IAM role that has permissions to write to the S3 bucket. Use the AWS CLI to copy all files locally to the S3 bucket. 
Explain: is too slow and uses 70TB bandwidth.

B. Create an AWS Snowball Edge job. Receive a Snowball Edge device on premises. Use the Snowball Edge client to transfer data to the device. Return the device so that AWS can import the data into Amazon S3. 
Explain: On a Snowball Edge device you can copy files with a speed of up to 100Gbps. 70TB will take around 5600 seconds, so very quickly, less than 2 hours. The downside is that it'll take between 4-6 working days to receive the device and then another 2-3 working days to send it back and for AWS to move the data onto S3 once it reaches them. Total time: 6-9 working days. Bandwidth used: 0.

C. Deploy an S3 File Gateway on premises. Create a public service endpoint to connect to the S3 File Gateway. Create an S3 bucket. Create a new NFS file share on the S3 File Gateway. Point the new file share to the S3 bucket. Transfer the data from the existing NFS file share to the S3 File Gateway. 
Explain: File Gateway uses the Internet, so maximum speed will be at most 1Gbps, so it'll take a minimum of 6.5 days and you use 70TB of Internet bandwidth.

D. Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection between the on-premises network and AWS. Deploy an S3 File Gateway on premises. Create a public virtual interface (VIF) to connect to the S3 File Gateway. Create an S3 bucket. Create a new NFS file share on the S3 File Gateway. Point the new file share to the S3 bucket. Transfer the data from the existing NFS file share to the S3 File Gateway.
Explain: You can achieve speeds of up to 10Gbps with Direct Connect. Total time 15.5 hours and you will use 70TB of bandwidth. However, what's interesting is that the question does not specific what type of bandwidth? Direct Connect does not use your Internet bandwidth, as you will have a dedicate peer to peer connectivity between your on-prem and the AWS Cloud, so technically, you're not using your "public" bandwidth.
\
\
\
\
\
The correct answer is:\
\
**