A company has an employee web portal. Employees log in to the portal to view payroll details. The company is developing a new system to give employees the ability to upload scanned documents for reimbursement. The company runs a program to extract text-based data from the documents and attach the extracted information to each employee’s reimbursement IDs for processing.

The employee web portal requires 100% uptime. The document extract program runs infrequently throughout the day on an on-demand basis. The company wants to build a scalable and cost-effective new system that will require minimal changes to the existing web portal. The company does not want to make any code changes.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort?

A. Run Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances in an Auto Scaling group for the web portal. Use an AWS Lambda function to run the document extract program. Invoke the Lambda function when an employee uploads a new reimbursement document.

B. Run Amazon EC2 Spot Instances in an Auto Scaling group for the web portal. Run the document extract program on EC2 Spot Instances. Start document extract program instances when an employee uploads a new reimbursement document.

C. Purchase a Savings Plan to run the web portal and the document extract program. Run the web portal and the document extract program in an Auto Scaling group.

D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to host the web portal. Use Amazon API Gateway and an AWS Lambda function for the existing functionalities. Use the Lambda function to run the document extract program. Invoke the Lambda function when the API that is associated with a new document upload is called.
